749 base fee per gas (#773)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Reference/API-Objects.md

| **timestamp**        | Quantity              | Unix timestamp for block assembly.                                 |
| **transactions**     | Array                 | Array of [transaction objects](#transaction-object), or 32 byte transaction hashes depending on the specified boolean parameter. |
| **uncles**           | Array                 | Array of uncle hashes.                                             |

> | **baseFeePerGas**    | Quantity              | The block's baseline network fee per gas; the baseFee is burned. Before [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md), this field must empty. After EIP-1559, this field must be set to the block's base fee per gas value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **baseFeePerGas**    | Quantity              | The block's [base fee per gas](../Concepts/Transactions/Transaction-Types.md#eip1559-transactions). Before [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md), this field must empty. After EIP-1559, this field must be set to the block's base fee per gas value. |
```

(Do not commit this suggestion in the Github UI, as the DCO is complicated for `besu-docs`. Rather, make the change locally and push to origin.)

> | **baseFeePerGas**    | Quantity              | The block's [base fee per gas](../Concepts/Transactions/Transaction-Types.md#eip1559-transactions). This field is empty for blocks created before [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md). After EIP-1559, this field is set to the block's base fee per gas value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **baseFeePerGas**    | Quantity              | The block's [base fee per gas](../Concepts/Transactions/Transaction-Types.md#eip1559-transactions). This field is empty for blocks created before [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md). |
```

(Make the changes locally.)

> | **baseFeePerGas**    | Quantity              | The block's [base fee per gas](../Concepts/Transactions/Transaction-Types.md#eip1559-transactions); the baseFee is burned. Before [EIP-1559](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-1559.md), this field must empty. After EIP-1559, this field must be set to the block's base fee per gas value. |

Reviewer 2: Instead of, "Before EIP-1559, this field must empty. After EIP-1559, this field must be set to the block's base fee per gas value."

Could we just say, "This field is empty for blocks created before EIP-1559"
